change README to tell about coverage only, not full project config (#2)
sonarsource-cfamily-examples/linux-autotools-gcov-travis-sc: README.adoc

image:{img-build-status}[Build Status, link={uri-build-status}]
image:{img-qg-status}[Quality Gate Status,link={uri-qg-status}]

*The test coverage shown here works on both SonarQube and SonarCloud. This project is analysed on https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=sonarsource-cfamily-examples_linux-autotools-gcov-travis-sc[SonarCloud]!*

:note-caption: :information_source:
NOTE: This simple example aims at demonstrating code coverage in action. It explains how to add coverage on a project for which the analysis is already configured. Analysis https://github.com/orgs/sonarsource-cfamily-examples/repositories?language=&page=1&q=topic%3Aconfiguration&sort=&type=all[configuration examples] are available here. +
Adding code coverage is done the same way regardless of whether you use the Build Wrapper or a Compilation Database to configure the analysis.

To get coverage and feed it to the sonar-scanner, use the following procedure.

. Add the `--coverage` and `-fprofile-abs-path` compilation flags to instrument the binaries
. Run the tests to generate the test coverage information
. Run `gcov --preserve-paths` from a dedicated directory for each object file

> . Point the `sonar.coverageReportPath` property at that dedicated directory with coverage reports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Point the `sonar.cfamily.gcov.reportsPath` property at that dedicated directory with coverage reports
```

- https://docs.sonarcloud.io/advanced-setup/languages/c-c-objective-c/#parallel-code-scan[Configuring multithreaded execution]
- https://docs.sonarcloud.io/advanced-setup/languages/c-c-objective-c/#analysis-steps-using-compilation-database[Using compilation database (compile_commands.json)]

> = Linux\Autotools

Reviewer: Why remove this section?

Author: as agreed, closing this
